Adjust changelog for v0.16.0 (#147)
grafana/rollout-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## main / unreleased

## v0.16.0

> * [ENHANCEMENT] If we fail to call prepare-shutdown on any ingester, attempt to undo the call by issuing an HTTP DELETE. #146

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] If the POST to prepare-shutdown fails for any replica, attempt to undo the operation by issuing an HTTP DELETE to prepare-shutdown for all target replicas. #146
```
